# How to write falsh memory

1. after power up A Write Enable instruction must be issued before a Page Program, Sector Erase, Block Erase, Chip Erase or Write Status Register instruction will be accepted.
2. The W25Q64JV also provides another Write Protect method using the Individual Block Locks. Each 64KB block (except the top and bottom blocks, total of 126 blocks) and each 4KB  sector within the top/bottom blocks (total of 32 sectors) are equipped with an Individual Block Lock bit. When the lock bit is 0, the corresponding sector or block can be erased or programmed; when the lock bit is set to 1, Erase or Program commands issued to the corresponding sector or block will be ignored. When the device is powered on, all Individual Block
Lock bits will be 1, so the entire memory array is protected from Erase/Program. An “Individual Block Unlock (39h)” instruction must be issued to unlock any specific sector or block.
3. The WPS bit in Status Register-3 is used to decide which Write Protect scheme should be used. When WPS=0 (factory default), the device will only utilize CMP, SEC, TB, BP[2:0] bits to protect specific areas of the array; when WPS=1, the device will utilize the Individual Block Locks for write protection.
4. Write Status Register Instruction depending on the state of the SRP, SRL and WEL bits.
5. The non-volatile Sector/Block Protect bit (SEC) controls if the Block Protect Bits (BP2, BP1, BP0) protect either 4KB Sectors (SEC=1) or 64KB Blocks (SEC=0) in the Top (TB=0) or the Bottom (TB=1) of the array as shown in the Status Register Memory Protection table. The default setting is SEC=0.
6. The Complement Protect bit (CMP) is a non-volatile read/write bit in the status register (S14). It is used in conjunction with SEC, TB, BP2, BP1 and BP0 bits to provide more flexibility for the array protection. Once CMP is set to 1, previous array protection set by SEC, TB, BP2, BP1 and BP0 will be reversed. For instance, when CMP=0, a top 64KB block can be protected while the rest of the array is not; when CMP=1, the top 64KB block will become unprotected while the rest of the array become read-only. Please refer to the Status Register Memory Protection table for details. The default setting is CMP=0.
7. 